so buddy I'm reading that Burger King
has a new bacon sundae bacon sundae yeah
that's that's what I just said me now
have now yeah me now have now yeah you
got to be kidding me buddy that's not
proper English no no try again you go
you go now that's close enough let's go
hey Dad where are we going we're going
to get bacon Sundays at Burger King
bacon Sundays that sounds disgusting
she's stupid
buddy don't call your sister stupid you
hairy gorilla Becca don't call your
brother a hairy gorilla call me dumb
buddy do you want to get that bacon
sundae yeah
then be quiet okay look at that stinking
place they don't got no stinking bacon
sundaes there do they buddy
all right buddy here we are okay buddy
we're going to get the sundaes
all right buddy here's your bacon sundae
Beck I thought you said that was
disgusting and you didn't want any share
now me with dad I'm not sure you guys
are gonna make me go in and get another
one aren't you so buddy did you have fun
today yeah
did you like getting that bacon sundae
yeah well what do you want to do
tomorrow bacon sundae Oh buddy we
already did that today again now do we
tomorrow again now do we tomorrow no
sheesh buddy